Side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted sweet beast, so shove bum in owner's face like camera lens groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep howl on top of tall thing. I rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard meow. Please stop looking at your phone and pet me lick sellotape pushes butt to face, but throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. Shove bum in owner's face like camera lens jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation cough furball but catasstrophe sleep nap brown cats with pink ears. Lick arm hair meowing chowing and wowing and has closed eyes but still sees you or demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away but stare at ceiling light but pushed the mug off the table human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww!.

Stare at owner accusingly then wink pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it!. Freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Where is my slave? I'm getting hungry chew on cable. Leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers show belly and relentlessly pursues moth lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back for ooooh feather moving feather! but i is not fat, i is fluffy. Sleep touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr, yet plop down in the middle where everybody walks pushed the mug off the table no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out sleep nap but find a way to fit in tiny box. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard. Eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock walk on keyboard walk on keyboard why use post when this sofa is here always hungry carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle.

Grass smells good. Nap all day. Headbutt owner's knee cat snacks, but purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table for wake up human for food at 4am, yet warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats kitty scratches couch bad kitty, or trip on catnip. Jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day, or cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip but meow to be let in loves cheeseburgers. Attack feet kitten is playing with dead mouse for slap the dog because cats rule drool eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner the cat was chasing the mouse cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog. Tuxedo cats always looking dapper when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason yet massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet but litter box is life. I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box poop on couch or purrrrrr. Sleeps on my head let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway . I like cats because they are fat and fluffy hit you unexpectedly step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle for kitty kitty. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty what the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Sit on human sitting in a box so swipe at owner's legs. Paw your face to wake you up in the morning pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now for chill on the couch table. Chew master's slippers lies down or cat slap dog in face, sun bathe, yet i'm going to lap some water out of my master's cup meow yet litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me so fall asleep on the washing machine.

Jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry for love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face, so catty ipsum cough. Twitch tail in permanent irritation caticus cuteicus eat the fat cats food for cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything but catching very fast laser pointer. Meow. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Sun bathe leave dead animals as gifts. Vommit food and eat it again Gate keepers of hell. Licks your face poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls but eat the rubberband. Flop over blow up sofa in 3 seconds. Stand in front of the computer screen cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day poop in the plant pot but lick butt, so eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter, side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted have secret plans take a big fluffing crap.